Mr. Chen
Excuse me, you have won 28 consecutive Champions League scores.
Is there a trick?
Haha, is this this?
The main thing is perseverance
And a little bit of luck
Um no no no no no
Mostly luck, mostly a little bit of luck
It's a gambler's possession
God than Zhou Runfa
Just buy a villa with my brother Cheng and rely on the sea
Thanks to my last life I was a huge fan
I remember every game vividly
Mr. Cheng won so much money
So what's next?
Next step, I'm ready
Mr. Chen, I am entrusted by the president of the bank of the Commercial Office
I specially came here to send you Wuxing VIP.
Customer exclusive black gold card
Thank you, please.
Thanks to you too
This time I have a chance to turn around
That's right.
So I decided.
Hire Manager Xu as my exclusive financial advisor
From now on, all my money will be deposited in commercial banks
I said I would repay you well
Brother, look, he actually hit 28 times in a row just now
And the award is as high as 1 million
What's going on here?
Don't keep that in mind.
I'll tell you what.
This loser's never gonna make 1 million
I want to make money these days
You have to mock
You're right.
How can that trash compare to Brother Liu?
Luo Ge, can you teach me how to trade stocks?
Oh, don't worry.
Follow me!
If only you were popular
Excuse me, I would like to ask you to do me one more favor.
What did you say?
Open an account for me.
I want to trade stocks